# There is No Magic, Without Cost
Starting at 3rd level, all spellcasters master the ability to seek out power from nature and use it at will. However, this comes with great sacrifice and cost. When the spellcaster has expended all spell slots, they can use a weapon with the Slashing trait to pierce through their skin and reap its leaking blood for 1 slashing damage. When this is completed, they earn 3 Arcana Recalls that are available for 4 hours. Arcana Recalls are essentially spell slots that comes at a cost. Multiclassing two spellcaster does not earn you more recalls.

- When the first Arcana Recall is initiated, it will allow you to cast a spell but with a cost. You must roll a d20 plus your Proficiency Bonus and must succeed on a DC of 10 + your Spell Level twice. If you fail, you must take 1d6 * your Spell Level necrotic damage.
- When the second Arcana Recall is initiated, it will allow the same traits as the last recall but with a deadlier cost. You must roll but with a DC of 15 + your Spell Level twice. If you fail, you must take 1d8 * your Spell Level necrotic damage.
- When the last and third Arcana Recall is initiated, you reach through the source of your magic, whether it be your hand or Arcana Focus, and create a blast of pure magic that exceeds what you can handle. You must roll a d20 plus your Proficiency Bonus and must succeed on a DC of 15 + your Spell Level twice. If you fail, you must take 1d10 * Spell Level necrotic damage. If you roll a 1, your source of magic diminishes and tears apart within. You cannot cast any spells until it is recovered through taking a long rest.