# Project Initiative
Project: Initiative is an experimental device created by Seriam Hearthstone, a gnome artificer who resides in Exaton. He has discovered a technology and specific formula to create an infusion with a few materials to create a very, and I mean **VERY** experimental device. How does it work, you may ask?

## Enter the Training Range
> "Are you ready adventurer? Starting the infusion process.. Tell me when to end the infusion process so I can end the simulation. Your wish is my command," Seriam Hearthstone says with a confident grin on his face.

A magical portal appears that seems to be quite stable. You can see on the other end of the portal as it seems to be a white realm with nothing but a square grid covering the sky and ground. As you all reach into the portal, the teleportation commences. You are transported into this time-less realm with a hovering orb floating in the centre. 

> "Alright, so, adventurers. All I require from you all is to touch that orb and seek out what beast or training dummy you would like to use. This could be any of the supported monsters and creatures I have from my bestiary from my studies. Imagine one, and it will appear right in front of your eyes. Also I have recorded an estimate of the capabilities of each bestiary, making sure you can get a visual representation of its physical health and stamina and it should appear right next to the beast as a magical orb. When the orb depletes, the beast disappears. Do not worry if you get damaged inside the training range as all of your stamina, damage, and injuries will be reset once you come back from the training range. If you want to be replenished of all injuries, please inform me and I can create an override that resets you back to your full capabilities. Good luck adventures, and inform me if this device requires testing."