# Blitz, The Ruler of The Abyss
While running out of space in the abyss and getting sick and tired of the same world, he decided to travel to the Material Plane and travelled to the capital city, Sendonmoor. At its prime, Sendonmoor was the capital city of our planet, Evermoor until the abyss had run it over. It started small with strange disappearances from time to time, and became a larger problem overtime. Of course, Blitz was the one responsible for this, shapeshifting with different appearances and assassinating commoners who got in their way. He thought this was counterproductive at one time and started experimenting with his servants' concoctions and potions. He later discovered that he was able to infect and control the minds of commoners and other peasants in his way. Soon, he grew an army and darkness spread across the land. The Grandfather Tree in Sendonmoor had its roots tainted and shattered from the potency of the darkness. Blitz, the ruler of the abyss, spreads his abyssal power and genius potions that have created a disease under his control. Soon, he will take over the world.

## Description
With dark, blue, glowing, and flaming eyes, and tough rock-like light blue skin, he dresses himself in an apparent fashion. He appears rather humanoid and wearing a dark, black trench coat and what seems to be a hat to protect his head. Enchantment markings can be seen on both of his forearms, and a bracelet is worn on the right with an inscription that states "HE SHALL PREVAIL" in Abyssal.

His languages are Common and Abyssal, and he had learned Common only recently from the locals of Evermoor.